those strange characters not not on of
not commits and they're weirdos by it
yeah any means but they are definitely
strange characters that that can also
seen Carmen situations and you know they
never seem to be fazed that are offering
you know the Beaufort port Jesus has
been a long season and what are mainland
and both of these dies nice and simple
as this you've got win the race
we think between us we think the maps
have probably got the edge you know and
set a fantastic lady but the max you
know we'll talk about now and the max
just blurting wireman I'll slice it
certainly dead at the fact that the coin
toss has been so chemical to to
tonight's meeting really the inside gate
has been so advantageous is a bit like a
day/night cricket match you know the
current sources is massive and you know
the inside gates appear the particular
advantage tonight under I think the max
is probably to submit might be out with
hands in the first corner we'll see what
happens out so anyone people are biting
the fingernails
they are very very nervous the crowd all
tens that butterflies are in the stomach
one of those riders going through well
how would you feel about this time if it
was it was the Eagles max on the inside
and rather Anderson of the outside a
great if you were representing the
Eagles here in this what will be going
through your mind for your car you can't
enough really is a situation where you
are
and the whole thing the mechanics
especially you know I filled it out my
mouth filled it up but I filled it up
you know these strange things that can
go through your mind then it's gonna be
interesting to see where hands goes off
like Calvin said 'they if you use the
fresh bit where the white lines are
there between the gates will add user'
I think the winner of this race will
send his team through to the final and
sadness so he's gonna come around the
outside kind of challenging on that now
Michael max knows every inch of this
circuit he's got here comes Michael max
one
understand what a race puppy puffing the
max is maybe just got it now a star
can't cope this one I'm gonna kick now
sure makes me sort of 5 Elvis's in the
labor
the guy in the chest these two doors
turn out with each other and time
mysteries well and truly on the pace max
knows the line he's in the dirt yes
to the grand final
three Elite League playoffs at the
expense of the Ipswich which is what a
wonderful night we've seen Pete Adams
and Santa a killer breaks each other
emotional moments Hanuman the drain the
clam truck is being invaded here
celebration time on Micromax is Mahiro
for the woman
watched by a massive crowd tonight it
doesn't get much more traumatic than
that those ladders of gel defense to
celebrate salmonella carries there he's
delighted - Christmas Santa in San Diego
and it's celebration time to the laws
and it's a crawl crawl way for its
witches season to end a little fans are
on the tips they think it's all over my
it is now I'm delay informing guide for
the witches as I were made up to the
wolves what fantastic now we can fight
both teams forgiveness what I've done
tonight unbelievable great night of
Speedway and absolutely poppers to do it
zero mom agree
they're not going to be happy with this
invasion here as the fans go absolutely
crazy people of all ages enjoying their
Speedway tonight young adult backing the
left side and here's the traditional
punch for Michael Max as celebrations
begin to water Hanson they are into the
grand final of the Elite League playoffs
after one of the most romantic nights
you could ever wish to see it doesn't
get any more traumatic than that to
retry and sum up what we've seen over
the last two and a half hours or so is
an impossible task because this meeting
is had absolutely everything
commiserations to the approach which is
because they put on a terrific display
tonight and it is terrible terrible luck
on them that they have to go out this
way Anne's Anderson and a brilliant
night he really did theirs yes for the
answer and Kimmy Hanson the witches
wondering what might have been what a
wonderful night it was David and in the
end walls go through well yeah